[News] 2021-03-16 (#573)
sider/sider-docs: docs/tools/php/code-sniffer.md

| Name                                                                                  | Type                 | Default       |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------- | ------------- |
| [`root_dir`](../../getting-started/custom-configuration.md#linteranalyzer_idroot_dir) | `string`             | -             |
| [`target`](#target)                                                                   | `string`, `string[]` | `.`           |
| [`standard`](#standard)                                                               | `string`, `string[]` | _(see below)_ |
| [`extensions`](#extensions)                                                           | `string`, `string[]` | `php`         |
| [`encoding`](#encoding)                                                               | `string`             | -             |
| [`ignore`](#ignore)                                                                   | `string`, `string[]` | `[]`          |
| [`parallel`](#parallel)                                                               | `boolean`            | `false`       |

### `target`

> This option allows you to specify paths to analyze. The default value is dependent on the frameworks PHP_CodeSniffer supports.

Reviewer: I think "paths to be analyzed" is natural because "analyze" is basically used with object. If "to analyze" is used to indicate the purpose of the sentence, object should be put after "analyze" like "to analyze something".

```suggestion
This option allows you to specify paths to be analyzed. The default value is dependent on the frameworks PHP_CodeSniffer supports.
```

Author: Make sense. 👍

If you want to see the actual standard lists, run the command [`phpcs -i`](https://github.com/squizlabs/PHP_CodeSniffer/wiki/Usage#printing-a-list-of-installed-coding-standards).
The following output is a standard list that we prepare.

```console
$ phpcs -i
The installed coding standards are Zend, PSR12, MySource, Squiz, PSR2, PSR1, PEAR, CakePHP, Symfony, WordPress, WordPress-Extra, WordPress-Docs and WordPress-Core
```

You can also specify your own standard file path: e.g. `standard: your-own-standard.xml`.

### `extensions`

> This option allows you to specify a list of file extensions to analyze.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option allows you to specify a list of file extensions to be analyzed.
```

### `encoding`

> This option allows you to specify an encoding of files to analyze.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option allows you to specify an encoding of files to be analyzed.
```
